So whoever loses, has to clean up all the stuff that we ate!
Choerry and YeoJin were the last two remained!
The final competition that decides who is going to clean the mess!
Tang!
Tang…
Choerry is the one!!!
Thanks for the meal~~
Oh man~~
LMAO~~
Oh man I just wanted to beat YeoJin~
While cleaning the mess, Choerry dropped the chopsticks
Don’t you dare to help her!!
Helping is NO NO NO~
Then do whatever you guys need to do~~
Why is everyone examining of what I’m doing??
My job is to examining you!
Hey Choerry! It’s raining and cold outside ~~
After the cleanup, Choerry is practicing a game with JinSoul
Tang
Soo
Choerry lost again…
She is so bad at this game!
I can’t do this anymore~~
And now Choerry is practicing the same game with Kim Lip!
But fails as soon as the game starts…
She is wrong! She has to buy me a black bean sauce noodle!
Tries the game again with other name
(Tang Soo Yook = Sweet and Sour Pork)
Lost again…
Got myself a sweet and sour pork~~
Yeee~~ About to eat that black bean sauce noodle and sweet and sour pork for myself~
Kim Lip (the leader) is giving all the love to Choerry…